Smart cards are commonly used for a variety of purposes, including government-issued retirement cards, electronic IDs, electronic markings, civil cards, key cards for restricted areas or organizational structures, and safe travel documents. These documents have numerous security elements intended to prevent forgery. Because these security measures are difficult to bypass, criminal activities aimed at identity verification systems have shifted to fraudulently obtaining authentic documents and manipulating face photographs.A system of verifiable IDs is essential for a healthy society. To reduce risks of fraud, government agencies and identity providers must constantly update and enhance their security processes. To overcome these limitations, StegoCard presents an effective steganography technology targeted to the photographs usually found on government ID cards. A Deep Convolutional Auto-encoder creates a Stego representation that embeds a hidden message, while a Deep Convolutional Auto Decoder retrieves the encoded data. StegoCard works as a full-stack facial photo steganography model, with the Stego image serving as a message carrier. The technique is efficient even when the image is printed and then digitised. Comparative examinations of Stego Stamp and StegoCard encoded facial pictures reveal that StegoCard has a higher perceived quality. The model's performance is evaluated using metrics such as signal-to-noise ratio, hiding capacity, and imperceptibility scores on the test set.

